Update DG (#248)
AY2122S1-CS2103T-W16-2/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

    1. Test case: `list-c 123`
       <br>Expected: Client bookmarks list displays all clients.

### Order
1. Adding an Order

>     1. Prerequisite (should be satisfied for each individual test case):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Prerequisites (should be satisfied for each individual test case):
```

       1. Order list does not contain an order with the following details:
          * Client Name: Alex Yeoh
          * Client Phone: 87438807
          * Client Address: Blk 30 Geylang Street 29. #06-40
          * Recipe Name: Chicken Rice
          * Recipe Ingredients: Rice x 200 g, Chicken x 1 whole

>           * Order Price: 4

Reviewer: Can you add `$` and `.00` for all the prices

          * Order Deadline: 12 December 2021 at 12 pm

>           * Order Quantity: 1

Reviewer: Add completion status

>        1. Client bookmark list contains at least one client and suppose the first client in the list has the following details:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       1. Client bookmark list contains at least one client and the first client in the list has the following details:
```

          * Client Name: Alex Yeoh
          * Client Phone: 87438807
          * Client Address: Blk 30 Geylang Street 29. #06-40
          * Client Email: alexyeoh@gmail.com

>        1. Recipe bookmark list contains at least one recipe and suppose the first recipe in the list has the following details:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       1. Recipe bookmark list contains at least one recipe and the first recipe in the list has the following details:
```

          * Recipe Name: Chicken Rice
          * Recipe Ingredients: Rice x 200 g, Chicken x 1 whole

>           * Recipe Price: 4

Reviewer: Change price. See above

       <br> Expected: A new order is added to order list with the given details. Details of the added
       order are shown in the result display box.
    1. Test case: `add-o cn/Alex Yeoh cp/87438807 ca/Blk 30 Geylang Street 29. #06-40 rn/Nasi Lemak op/1.40`
       <br> Expected: No order is added. Error details shown in the result display box.
    1. Test case (all client and recipe details specified): `add-o cn/Alex Yeoh cp/847521698521145366247893451125 ca/Blk 30 Geylang Street 29. #06-40 rn/Chicken Rice ri/Rice-200-g, Chicken-1-whole op/4 od/12-12-2021 1200 oq/1`
       <br> Expected: No order is added. Error details shown in the result display box.
    1. Test case: `add-o c/0 r/1 op/4 od/12-12-2021 1200 oq/1`
       <br> Expected: No order is added. Error details shown in the result display box.
    1. Test case: `add-o op/4 od/12-12-2021 1200 oq/1`
       <br> Expected: No order is added. Error details shown in the result display box.
    1. Test case: `add-o`
       <br> Expected: No order is added. Error details shown in the result display box.

1. Adding an order ingredient

>     1. Prerequisites: Order list shows at least 1 order and at most 3 orders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Prerequisites: Order list shows at least 1 order and at most 3 orders. The first order in the list does not have rice as one of its ingredients
```

    1. Test case: `add-oi 1 in/Rice iq/400 iu/g`
       <br> Expected: The new ingredient is added to the first order.
       Details of the new ingredient and the edited order are shown in the result display box.
    1. Test case: `add-oi 4 in/Rice iq/400 iu/g`
       <br> Expected: No order is edited. Error details shown in the result display box.
    1. Test case: `add-oi 1 in/Chicken iq/0 iu/whole`
       <br> Expected: No order is edited. Error details shown in the result display box.
    1. Test case: `add-oi 1 in/Chicken iq/500000 iu/whole`
       <br> Expected: No order is edited. Error details shown in the result display box.
    1. Test case: `add-oi 1 in/Chi$ken iq/4 iu/whole`
       <br> Expected: No order is edited. Error details shown in the result display box.
    1. Test case: `add-oi 1 in/Chicken iq/4 iu/who%le`
       <br> Expected: No order is edited. Error details shown in the result display box.

>     1. Test case: `add-oi in/Rice iq/400 iu/g 1`

Reviewer: Remove this test case, it is the same as the one in line 1390

Author: Its different

       <br> Expected: No order is edited. Error details shown in the result display box.
    1. Test case: `add-oi 1 in/Rice iu/g`
       <br> Expected: No order is edited. Error details shown in the result display box.
    1. Test case: `add-oi in/Rice iq/400 iu/g`
       <br> Expected: No order is edited. Error details shown in the result display box.
    1. Test case: `add-oi`
       <br> Expected: No order is edited. Error details shown in the result display box.

1. Deleting an order
    1. Prerequisites: Order list shows at least 1 order and at most 3 orders.
    1. Test case: `delete-o 1`
       <br>Expected: First order is deleted from the order list. Details of the deleted order are
       shown in the result display box.
    1. Test case: `delete-o -1`
       <br>Expected: No order is deleted. Error details shown in the result display box.
    1. Test case: `delete-o 4`

>        <br>Expected: No clorderient is deleted. Error details shown in the result display box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       <br>Expected: No order is deleted. Error details shown in the result display box.
```

1. Deleting an order ingredient
    1. Prerequisites: Order at index 1 has at least 1 ingredient and at most 3 ingredients.
    1. Test case: `delete-oi 1 i/1`
       <br>Expected: First ingredient is deleted from the ingredient list in the first order of the order list.
       Details of the deleted ingredient and edited order are shown in the result display box.
    1. Test case: `delete-oi 1 i/10`
       <br>Expected: No order is edited. Error details shown in the result display box.
    1. Test case: `delete-oi abc i/1`
       <br>Expected: No order is edited. Error details shown in the result display box.
    1. Test case: `delete-oi 1 i/abc`
       <br>Expected: No order is edited. Error details shown in the result display box.
    1. Test case: `delete-oi 1`
       <br>Expected: No order is edited. Error details shown in the result display box.
    1. Test case: `delete-oi i/1`
       <br>Expected: No order is edited. Error details shown in the result display box.
    1. Test case: `delete-oi`
       <br>Expected: No order is edited. Error details shown in the result display box.

1. Editing an order

>     1. Prerequisite (should be satisfied for each individual test case):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Prerequisites (should be satisfied for each individual test case):
```

       1. Order list contains at least one order and suppose the first order in the list has the following details:
          * Client Name: Alex Yeoh
          * Client Phone: 87438807
          * Client Address: Blk 30 Geylang Street 29. #06-40
          * Recipe Name: Chicken Rice
          * Recipe Ingredients: Rice x 200 g, Chicken x 1 whole

>           * Order Price: 4

Reviewer: Change price. See above

          * Order Deadline: 12 December 2021 at 12 pm

>           * Order Quantity: 1

Reviewer: Add completion status

       1. Client bookmark list contains at least one client and suppose the first client in the list has the following details:
          * Client Name: Richard Yeoh
          * Client Phone: 96847225
          * Client Address: Blk 2 Bedok Street 12. #06-41
          * Client Email: richard@gmail.com
       1. Recipe bookmark list contains at least one recipe and suppose the first recipe in the list has the following details:
          * Recipe Name: Nasi Lemak
          * Recipe Ingredients: Rice x 200 g, Fish x 1 whole

>           * Recipe Price: 3

Reviewer: Change price. See above

    1. Test case: `edit-o 1 cn/Alexa White cp/91542652`

>        <br>Expected: First order in the order list is edited to have client name 'Alexa White' and client phone '91542652'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       <br>Expected: The client name and phone in the first order is edited to 'Alexa White' and '91542652' respectively.
```

       Details of the edited order are shown in the result display box.
    1. Test case: `edit-o 1 c/1`

>        <br>Expected: First order in the order list is edited to have client details as the first client bookmark in the client bookmarks list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       <br>Expected: The details of the first client in the client bookmarks list is copied to the first order in the order list.
```

       Details of the edited order are shown in the result display box.
    1. Test case: `edit-o 1 r/1`

>        <br>Expected: First order in the order list is edited to have recipe details as the first recipe bookmark in the recipe bookmarks list.
>        Details of the edited order are shown in the result display box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       <br>Expected: First order in the order list is edited to have recipe details as the first recipe bookmark in the recipe bookmarks list. Its position in the order list may change.
       Details of the edited order are shown in the result display box.
```

Author: Why?

    1. Test case: `edit-o 1 op/1 od/12-12-2021 1900 oq/2`

>        <br>Expected: First order in the order list is edited to have order price of '1', order deadline at 12 December 2021 7pm and order quantity of '2'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       <br>Expected: First order in the order list is edited to have order price of '1', order deadline at '12 December 2021 7pm' and order quantity of '2'.
```

       Its position in the order list may change. Details of the edited order are shown in the result display box.
    1. Test case: `edit-o rn/Chocolate Cupcake op/20`
       <br>Expected: No order is edited. Error details shown in the result display box.
    1. Test case: `edit-o`
       <br>Expected: No order is edited. Error details shown in the result display box.
    1. Test case: `edit-o 1`
       <br>Expected: No order is edited. Error details shown in the result display box.
    1. Test case: `edit-o abc`
       <br>Expected: No order is edited. Error details shown in the result display box.
    1. Test case: `edit-o 1 op/-2`
       <br>Expected: No order is edited. Error details shown in the result display box.

1. Finding orders by keywords
    1. Prerequisites: There are exactly 2 orders in the order list.

>        1. Suppose the first order has the following details:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       1. First order has the following details:
```

          * Client Name: Bernice Yu
          * Client Phone: 98762159
          * Client Address: Blk 12 Holland Village Street 1. #01-40
          * Recipe Name: Nasi Lemak
          * Recipe Ingredients: Rice x 200 g, Fish x 1 whole

>           * Order Price: 3

Reviewer: Change price. See above

          * Order Deadline: 15 December 2021 at 1 pm
          * Order Quantity: 2
          * Completion status: Uncompleted

>        1. Suppose the second order has the following details:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       1. Second order has the following details:
```

          * Client Name: Alex Yeoh
          * Client Phone: 87438807
          * Client Address: Blk 30 Geylang Street 29. #06-40
          * Recipe Name: Chicken Rice
          * Recipe Ingredients: Rice x 200 g, Chicken x 1 whole

>           * Order Price: 4

Reviewer: Change price. See above
